Billy Lawson: "AHED was a blessing for me because I didn't know what my options were or where I wanted to go. I signed up and within the hour I knew of three colleges within my grasp. Amazing. 10/10.";
Amanda Hawkins: "I worked hard in high school to keep my grades up. It is really gratifying to know that the university I am interested in is also interested in me.";
Jimmy Jones: "I really wasn't sure if there were any universities that would take me in until I went on AHED and I was not only given options, but those options were interested in me!";
Anderson Fisher: "With AHED, I went from high school graduate to admitted university student in a couple of days. It was simple and I got everything I needed for the process.";
Elliot Moore: "There isn't much else you could want in a university database. You log in, set your preferences and information, and within minutes the best universities for you are right in front of you.";
Sam Robertson: "It's hard to believe students used to do all this research manually. I probably would've just applied to the one in state and called it a day. Now I'm going to McGill!";
Katherine McCarthy: "If you have any doubts about the website, just wait until your dream university contacts you. Nowhere else can you experience such joy!";
Paige Baxter: "I've always wanted to go to university, but I was never sure where I would fit in. After about thirty minutes on AHED I identified four potential colleges where I could develop as an artist!";
Alicia Carter: "I always knew Harvard was a great university, but I discovered John Hopkins on AHED and realized that was where I actually wanted to go. Neuroscience, here I come!";
Morgan Cherry: "I wasn't sure about AHED when I first logged in. Nothing really happened. But a couple days later I got an email saying a recruiter was interested, and I am now admitted to NYU!";
Lesley Clay: "They say you need to be wary of the internet, but I say if it's AHED then you're in good hands. Seriously, just pop in your info and whatever they recommend is going to be great!";
Taylor Gray: "My momma told me I should go to TTU because it was near home, but AHED recommended I go to UCLA because I love art. I went to UCLA and I've never been happier. Thanks AHED.";
Kimora Pacheco: "Finding the right university is daunting, and it isn't an easy choice to make. AHED provides the tools you need to make that decision, so I highly recommend it.";
Jamie Lewis: "I can't believe my high school has been stressing me out about finding the right university. This was so easy, thanks to AHED!";
Lara Macdonald: "If my dad knew how easy it was going to be to find the perfect university, he never would have paid for those top university ranking books!";
Emilia Holland: " This website is truly amazing. I knew I was interested in UCBerkeley, but I had never even considered McGill University! I'm even still eligible for FAFSA! Who knew?";
Layla Dunlap: "If I could say one thing to my high school teachers, it would be: quit whining about finding the right university, just use AHED!";
Maya Williamson: "Do you ever stay up late at night worrying about which university to go to, and if it's right for you? I don't, because I use AHED.";
Alessandro Jarvis: "Last week, I got accepted to Concordia University in the Computer Science program. A month before that, I didn't know Concordia existed! Thanks AHED.";
Quinn Matthews: "I wouldn't say I'm lazy, but I just love how little effort it takes to find the perfect university nowadays. Special thanks to AHED for making the search simple and easy.";